Add Sufficient Assets section (#5769)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-assets.md

the bottom for a discussion on using proxy and multisig accounts to replicate oft-used contract
logic.

## Sufficient Assets

> A sufficient asset allows an account to exist in the network’s state (i.e., a sufficient asset can
> keep an account alive on the network). Only the network's governance mechanism can deem an asset as
> _sufficient_. A balance of a non-sufficient asset can only exist on accounts that are on-chain

Reviewer: ```suggestion

A sufficient asset on Asset Hub can allow for an account to exist on-chain even though it does not have any account balance in {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }}. Any registered asset on the Asset Hub can be made _sufficient_ through governance on the Relay Chain. A balance of a non-sufficient asset can only exist on accounts that are on-chain
```

(i.e., accounts having the
[existential deposit](./learn-accounts.md#existential-deposit-and-reaping) of a sufficient asset).

> That is, a user could not keep an account on-chain by transferring an insufficient asset to it; the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is, a user could not keep an account on-chain by transferring an non-sufficient asset to it; the
```

account must already be on-chain by having more than the existential deposit in
{{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} (or a sufficient asset).

> Assets deemed _sufficient_ can instantiate accounts and pay for transaction fees, such that users
> can transact on the Asset Hub without the need for
> {{ polkadot: DOT. :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM. :kusama }} An example would be USDT on the Polkadot

Reviewer: concise

```suggestion
Assets deemed _sufficient_ can instantiate accounts on the Asset Hub and pay for transaction fees without the need for
{{ polkadot: DOT. :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM. :kusama }} An example would be USDT on the Polkadot
```
